Draft of Karmada partner guideline (#65)
karmada-io/community: commercial-partner.md

> # Commercial Partner

Reviewer: That makes sense, no commercial business between the community and partners :)

So, how about `Community Partner`?

> # Commercial Partner

Author: Maybe we can refer to KCSP(KUBERNETES CERTIFIED SERVICE PROVIDER)

But how does the community define this certification? We are currently open and welcome more partners to join.

> # Commercial Partner

Reviewer: `Community Partner` could upgrade to `certified service provider` after we set up the certification process in the future.

> # Commercial Partner

Author: done

**Note:** This document is a work in progress

The Karmada commercial partner program offers Karmada support, consulting, professional services for organizations embarking on their Karmada journey.

Karmada commercial partners are any organization that successfully leverages the Karmada project for their service offering. Such as:
- Using Karmada to build service on a public or private cloud.
- Repackaging Karmada as a core component of a service offering.
- Offering Karmada technical support, consultation services, and training.
- Others leverage Karmada in the manner it was intended to serve their customers.

### Why become a partner?

If your company provides professional services to support Karmada deployments, please consider applying to become a Karmada commercial partner.

The main benefits of becoming a Karmada commercial partner are:

> * Placement on the first tab of https://karmada.io/

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me, where is the first tab?

Reviewer: nice finding. It should be the first tab of `https://karmada.io/partners`.

By the way, the page will be ready after https://github.com/karmada-io/website/pull/531, but the URL should be right.

Author: 👍

* More community meeting exposure opportunities, such as the following meetings
  * KubeCon.
  * Online and offline meetings held by the Karmada community.
  * Online and offline meetings participated by the Karmada community(such as KCD).

> * CNCF official media exposure opportunities, such as official Blog, Twitter, public accounts, etc.

Reviewer 2: The description here may be a bit confusing, as you know the community should stay open and neutral, we should not use community channels to promote any commercial content, e.g. product pitch from any service provider.

Thus highlighting content neutrality would be helpful.
You may refer to "Marketing services and programs" section at https://www.cncf.io/services-for-projects/#marketing

* Karmada security vulnerability disclosed in advance.
* Karmada Community Supported Job Postings.
* Community business opportunity delivery and connection.

### How to become a partner?

If your company is interested in becoming a Karmada commercial partner, please complete the following steps:

1. Prepare the following information in advance
   * Company official name.
   * Company official website address(related to the Karmada commercial partner).
   * Company Contact information email or github ID.

>    * Company logo (png format).

Reviewer 2: Svg format is also an acceptable option

> 2. In [community](https://github.com/karmada-io/community.git) repo, select the issue template of `Karmada support Partner Request` to create an issue and fill in the above information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Open an issue](https://github.com/karmada-io/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=commercial-support-partner.yml&title=REQUEST%3A+Organization+%3COrganization+name%3E+that+provides+commercial+support+to+Karmada+New+Commercial+Support+) against the karmada-io/community repo and fill in the relevant information.
```

Karmada maintainers will review these issues, and if the information is correct, a formal PR will be created. At this time, the applicant organization will officially join the Karmada Commercial Partner.

### Karmada commercial partner exit mechanism

> There is currently no withdrawal mechanism, but the Karmada Community Governance Committee reserves the right to withdraw commercial partners.

Reviewer 2: We don't have "Karmada Community Governance Committee" yet, so maybe keep Karmada maintainer team here.

Author: done
